IN SOME REGIONS OF INDONESIA,
THERE ARE STILL PESANTRENS...
...THAT UPHOLD THE VALUES OF ANCESTRAL
TEACHINGS AS A HEREDITARY LEGACY...
...WHERE LEADERSHIP OF THE PESANTREN
IS ENTRUSTED ONLY TO MEN.
HOWEVER, AS TIME CHANGES, WOMEN
ARE NOW MORE TRUSTED TO BECOME LEADERS.
Oh, God!
- Astagfirullah.
- Be patient, honey.
Oh, God!
Yeah.
We almost there.
Be patient.
Astaghfirullah.
Say God's name.
Let me check you first, Ma'am.
Astaghfirullah.
Prepare the operation room.
Sir, your wife has to give birth now.
Isn't it supposed to be in two weeks?
Astagfirullah.
Say God's name. Be patient.
- Is everything ready?
- Ready.
Commence the procedure.
We have to do something.
Doc, isn't there any other way
besides womb removal?
This is the only way
to ensure Mrs. Dania's safety.
The tumor can cause severe
bleeding during childbirth.
This is the letter of declaration.
Please sign this.
Bismillah.
Welcome, Sir.
You can see your daughter now.
- I'll leave you two alone.
- Thank you.
I'll take my leave.
Assalamualaikum.
TWELVE YEARS LATER
I told you, but you didn't listen.
My life has been this
beautiful for 12 years.
I was once afraid to build a family.
But thank God, everything has been fine.
But nothing stays fine forever.
This one is different...
One, two, three!
Hey, Ahmad!
Ahmad!
Come here!
Let's go in! It's gonna start soon!
Come on, honey.
The even will begin. Come.
Come on, kids! Get into the mosque!
The even is about to start.
Come in!
If God's willing, we will use this prize...
...to build the new student dormitory.
You're welcome.
I hope you can memorize
more of the Qur'an.
- Thank...
- God!
This pesantren is a very precious
heritage of your great-grandfather.
He dedicated his life to build this free
pesantren for the underprivileged children.
And now, I entrust this pesantren to you.
Dad...
...I'm not sure if I can continue
this family legacy with integrity.
You have to have an heir.
A male heir.
You know Dania can't
have any more children.
I can't possibly hurt her feelings.
What's impossible in this world, Fais?
Especially when your
destiny aligns with His will.
Dad...
...does it have to be a male heir?
Is a woman not worthy
of being a leader?
If God's willing, I can prepare Arumi...
...to be worthy of being
the leader of this pesantren.
This is not about male or female.
This is about the will of our ancestors.
I'm not forcing you to do this, Son.
But I'm leaving a will for you.
If you don't have a male heir...
...it would be better to
discontinue this pesantren.
Dad...
Enough.
Astaghfirullah.
You don't need to feel too guilty...
...for not being able to give Fais a son.
This is fate.
I understand how you feel.
No woman is willing
to share her husband...
...except for one with a big heart...
...who can accept all of this.
But I can't get involved.
Because this is a hereditary will.
Kahfi.
I hope I can come again next month.
Since your dad isn't here anymore,
I have to earn money.
Here, I brought your favorite food.
Ustad, please take care of Kahfi.
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam. Take care.
I'm worried about the future
of the students here.
Without this pesantren,
where would they go?
Is this God's test for me...
...to test the greatness of my heart?
Do I have to carry this burden with me?
Go walk around.
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam.
- Are you done with your praying?
- We are.
Get ready for school, okay?
Okay.
I'll make you tea.
With a little sugar, please.
Okay.
Ita called, asking me to go to
an exhibition at her child's school.
Is it okay if I go?
You always meet Ita
when you have something to share to her.
I'll go after I clean up here.
- Okay.
- Thanks, honey.
Honey.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm okay.
I'm going to clean up.
Huh? Do you really want to find
another wife for your husband?
Ita...
And Fais agrees?
Sis, I've heard of women who wanted
to find another wife for their husband.
But I never expected to hear it from you.
If your intention is genuine and sincere...
...then you're not human.
You're like an golden-hearted
angel fallen from heaven...
...that will become a role model
for wives all over the world.
"Sharing a husband, sharing blessings."
I thought it only
happens in soap operas.
You're too kind.
I just want the pesantren
to continue operating...
...and for the students
not to lose hope.
You're gonna be a national hero soon.
And ask the Kyai to make
you a biography book.
"Dania Salsabilla,
a strong woman full of sacrifice."
So everyone knows about you.
Ita, I'm serious.
And you think I'm not?
Sis, think about it again.
If Fais marries another woman,
wouldn't your life become more complicated?
I always listen to your
stories and your problems,
and I always try to
help in any way I can.
But for this matter, I give up completely.
- Hi. Ita!
- Hey!
You're here!
- How are you?
- I'm fine, thank God.
Let's get a selfie.
- I'll leave, okay?
- I'll catch up with you.
- Let's do this.
- How fun!
It's been a long time, Ita.
I’m so scared, Ita.
Miss. Oh, God!
- I'm so sorry. It was an accident!
- It's okay.
Here. It's okay.
- Sorry.
- Bella. Dania.
Ita?
You know each other?
I accidentally spilled watercolor on her.
I feel bad.
It's okay, really.
I have a spare hijab in my car.
Let me get it for you, okay?
You don't need to, don't bother.
It's fine, seriously.
We'll become close, seriously.
Remember I told you about Bella?
Here she is.
A successful independent woman.
Not only successful in her career,
she also succeeds in educating her child...
...although she's a single mom.
- Wow!
- It's nothing, really.
But I really feel bad.
- It's fine.
- Let me get it for you.
I'll accompany her to the restroom,
get you cleaned up.
Thank you.
- Thank you, Bella.
- Let's go, it's over there.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
I didn't expect it either
when I saw the results.
- Thank you.
- Welcome.
- Thank you Bella.
By the way...
Ita has always been a good listener.
If we share our feelings...
...her input is always good.
I agree.
Ita is like a mother,
who always gives advice.
Thank you all.
I'm already looking old here, huh?
What if you marry another woman?
Are you crazy?
I didn't even think that far.
I have only one goal, which is
how to keep the pesantren going...
...in accordance
with the will that was...
...established since this pesantren
was founded.
That's all!
Such a crazy idea.
I'm only kidding.
- I was just thinking on my feet.
- Thank you.
While Kyai is still healthy,
and you're still healthy too.
We never know how much time we have.
Nurturing a successor takes a long time.
Who knows, maybe you'd
like to open another branch.
You're thinking about it, aren't you?
You're thinking about it!
You're going to marry another woman!
You hit the jackpot!
You're so messed up!
I'm already jealous of you.
No one wants me!
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam.
Why do you look so fierce?
Why are you late?
You're usually chill.
You know, I work at KUA.
People got married there.
People got divorced there.
So?
Fais came. He stayed a bit long.
- Oh, God!
- Fais came to KUA?
What was he doing there?
Don't get too close to him,
or else you'll pick up his behavior.
- What behavior?
- Marrying another woman!
Marrying another woman?
Everyone's doing it these days!
If you try doing that...
- Here it is.
- Thank you.
- Here's your table.
You're welcome.
- Hi!
Ita's not here yet?
She told me she's not coming.
- Why?
- She has diarrhea from food poisoning.
That poor woman.
So, how's it going?
Have you watched all those K-drama?
I have.
The storyline is more or
less the same as my life story.
The difference is I'm
the male character there.
Sorry, Bel. Your husband...
My ex-husband.
I got divorced three years ago.
He left me with tons of problems.
Including the divorce process
that I had to handle on my own.
And I try to raise Ahmad
to the best of my ability.
I don't want Ahmad to think
that he was born into a failed family.
But thankfully...
...my parents always support me.
Just a minute.
How about this, Bobby?
You take care of everything.
If anything happens,
I'll contact you again.
Okay?
- Just go ahead.
- Okay.
Hey, Bella!
I didn't expect to see you here.
What's the matter with you?
You ignore my messages and my calls.
Are you busy?
Bella, listen.
Actually, I've prepared
a good project for you.
It's good for your business.
But if you act like this,
it's hard to make a deal.
Or...
...you want to meet
somewhere more private?
To make the deal easier.
How about that?
You took forever!
- What are you doing?
- Hey!
Stop bothering Bella,
or else I'll report you to the police!
Leave.
Hurry up and leave!
Okay.
- Leave, now!
- Okay. I'll leave now.
Calm down, Dania.
Thank you.
It's okay. I'm used to guys like that.
You can't keep accepting that.
How long are you going to tolerate that?
You're a beautiful single woman.
The slander will be
getting worse every day.
You can do it!
He's good!
Him again, right?
- Hello?
- It's so fun here.
Thank you for taking me
to your family's pesantren.
You're welcome.
I'm the one who should be thankful
that you two can come here.
Oh, God.
Hey, Dania.
Which one is your husband?
He is dealing with something
at the foundation office.
- I'll introduce you to him.
- Shoot!
- He's busy.
- Is that so?
Put it there.
Rock-paper-scissors.
Come on.
Where's Attar's dad?
And where's Ahmad?
He always tells me where he's going.
Let me go find him. Okay?
Rock-paper-scissors.
Assalamualaikum.
Waalaikumsalam.
Ustad.
I didn't expect to see you here, Ahmad.
Did you come with your grandparents?
No. I came here with my mother, Uncle.
Ahmad?
Hey. I was looking for you, you know.
Hey, my friends want
to meet you. Let's go.
- Hey, Ma...
- Let's go.
- Excuse us, Sir. Let's go.
- Yeah.
It was tofu yesterday.
It's chicken today.
Ahmad.
As a guy, I hope you'll
grow up to be like me.
To be a pesantren leader.
Would you like that?
- I'd like that.
- Thank God.
I heard about you from Haji Usman, Bella.
Thank God we are
brought together here.
Thank God.
You know each other, Dania?
Yes, Father.
They're close, like sisters.
But we rarely get to
eat together like this.
- Double date.
- Why double date?
Let's pray that Bella will
get a pious partner soon.
To be Ahmad's new dad.
Amen.
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam! Here he is!
Here's the guy we've been waiting for.
The pesantren owner.
Dad, come here.
Sorry for being late.
I had a meeting with the teachers
and pesantren management.
Bella, meet my husband, Fais.
Mom, that's Uncle Fais,
who you met earlier.
Yes, honey.
Bella is a nice woman.
I think Fais should
get to know her better.
Who knows, maybe they're a match.
Sorry, but don't you think
you should reconsider your wish?
I'm afraid it will ruin the
happiness of their family.
Especially Dania's.
I stand by my decision.
Sorry, but if we were
blessed with a daughter...
...would you look for another wife?
"If."
When the word is used for something
that's already in the past...
...God doesn't like this word.
I understand what's in your heart.
If this happened...
...and I had to find another
wife for this pesantren...
...what would you do?
Honey.
Honey, wake up.
I want to ask you something.
What, honey?
Oh, dear.
Did you really not get a
head start in meeting Bella?
I told you.
We agreed to not lying to each other.
We have to trust one another.
I trust you.
Do you think she's pretty?
I'm lying if I say she's not.
Everyone would say she is.
But you're still prettier to me.
And did your heart pound
when you first saw her?
Stop this. It's late.
I'm tired. I had to take care
of the pesantren, my work.
And you're asking these
question here at home.
Okay, then. One more question.
Can I ask it before we go to sleep?
Honey...
Would you be...
...Ahmad's father?
Honey?
The details of expenses and
income will be shown here.
Is there anything
you'd like to ask? Sir?
I think it's enough. It's
very detailed already.
O God, I still don't have the knowledge.
Please give me your guidance, God.
May my destiny align with Your will.
One, two, three.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam.
Thanks.
Were you at Bella's office?
Why didn't you tell me?
Dad wanted me to accompany him,
it's to tidy up the pesantren's financial.
Bella gave us a lot of advice.
She had good ideas.
One of them is to redesign the pesantren's
social media to make it more modern.
Thank God. Good, then.
Thanks.
In God's name.
Thank God.
Honey.
I've noticed you've been zoning
out a lot lately. What's going on?
Nothing's going on.
Honey, we've been married for years.
I know when you have a problem.
Is it about the pesantren?
Do you want to talk to me about it?
Maybe I can help you find a solution.
Actually...
You know Dad worries too much
about the future of the pesantren.
But I took care of it.
You don't need to worry.
Are you sure?
Honey...
I know everything.
I know you often pray at night.
And I know what you're praying for.
Honey, what are you saying?
Honey! Stop pretending!
It's all about a male heir, isn't it?
Your dad wants you to
have a male successor.
A boy. But I can't give you that!
Honey!
This isn't about a
successor or the pesantren.
And it never occurred to me that I
might make you feel worthless like this.
- Calm down.
- I'm calm!
I've been calm.
Since Arumi was born,
everything changed.
I know you want to have a son.
I know I'm your wife!
I'm your wife.
Don't hide anything else from me!
I know everything!
I feel like everything is weird.
I beg you.
I'm willing to accept it.
I'm willing to accept it, honey.
For you...
For the pesantren...
...I'm willing to sacrifice my feelings.
If you want to have a son...
...allow me to find the
right woman for you.
Go for it, Fais!
Is that how we're doing it now?
Gosh.
In our religion...
...a man doesn't have
to ask for his wife's...
...permission if he wants
to marry another woman.
It's not about permission.
It's about how to be fair
and not to hurt women's feelings.
I know marrying another
woman isn't forbidden.
But it comes with a big responsibility.
Fais, you are able.
You can learn about being fair later.
Sir.
Are you sure Ita can't hear us?
On a day off like today, she likes to
cook while listening to the music. See?
Her headphones look
like a pair of steamed buns.
She'll be like this until
later this afternoon. All good.
For me, I know I'm not capable yet.
My one and only wife there,
she's like the people on the internet.
Angry all the time.
What if she asks you to
marry another woman?
I'll do it!
I'll do it immediately.
Even if she's not fully willing,
I'm still going for it.
I can't hold it any longer.
I'll cut you to pieces!
The eggplant.
She's cutting the eggplant.
You know I'm working at KUA.
I conduct wedding for people every day.
I imagine how their first night
as husbands and wives would be.
I want that too.
Spicy!
Besides, getting married
again isn't a problem.
It's a solution.
It's better than cheating.
It's only an excuse for people
who can't control their lust like you.
Why won't you trust me?
Talk to Ita, then.
No chance!
Even talking to you makes her suspicious.
She looks for me everywhere.
I can't do it.
Sir.
Is that camera on?
It is.
- Does it have audio recording?
- Of course!
- She can hear you, then.
- Wait, what?
- Of course I can hear you.
I've been curious what
you men are talking about.
I just found out
that someone wants to do it, huh?
Take care of my family, okay?
Where are you going?
Hey! I'm not done with the eggplant here.
- This is my office, Dania.
- Praise God!
Your achievement is the dream
of a lot of women, including me.
Single parent, independent, and amazing.
All of this is extraordinary.
It's nothing.
Have a drink.
Thank you.
What do you want to talk about?
I told you once...
...that my womb had to be removed
after giving birth to Arumi.
That means...
...I can't give Fais another heir.
As long as your husband doesn't mind,
you have nothing to worry about.
That's why I came here.
I would like to ask you a favor.
I need your help, to be exact.
Because I think
you're the right woman.
What do you mean?
Bella...
...would you be okay with
Fais being Ahmad's father?
Do you think it will be easy for me
to accept another woman?
I was only trying to help you.
Bella is the right woman.
Honey...
You know it never occurred to me
to marry another woman.
How could you think
that this is the right decision...
...without discussing it with me?
Honey, I've sacrificed everything.
For you. For us.
For the pesantren. For Bella.
Everything!
Do you think it doesn't hurt me?
I'm hurt.
Dania...
I appreciate your decision.
But I can't.
I can't hurt your feelings.
Honey...
...don't say that, please.
This doesn't mean you
have to forget about me.
Bella and I share the same feeling...
...we both can't accept it.
But there's a greater good beyond this.
This is not about having a son.
Or about the pesantren.
This is all about the students.
I know.
But if...
...this is my fate according to God's will,
I accept it.
If God's willing, I accept it.
I can't, Dania.
I can't. I'm not strong enough.
It's your decision.
If you want to find another woman...
...someone better than Bella,
you can do it.
But one thing is important...
...I will never accept it.
I will only accept...
...if it's a woman of my choosing.
FATHER
I'm comfortable living only with Ahmad
without another man in my life.
If God's willing,
Fais can treat you well.
You need a companion
and a good father figure for Ahmad.
There are lots of better women than me
who are more suitable for Fais.
He needs a strong woman,
and that woman is you.
Why me?
I know how you feel.
But life without an imam
and a companion isn't easy.
If God's willing,
Fais can give you all that.
I don't know, Dania.
Whatever your decision, I'll accept it.
I will accept you as Fais' wife.
No one else.
I entrust everything to You, God.
I know You will give me the best.
O God.
O God, I beg you.
Grant me the ability to keep
being devoted to my husband.
O God.
May my fate align with Your will, God.
This isn't a light issue.
He has to do two things.
First, he must perform istikharah.
Asking for God's guidance.
And istisharah means...
...involving competent parties
to provide input, advice, and perspectives.
Because this isn't only about being fair.
Being able to be fair...
...in providing sustenance,
both material and emotional.
To provide home.
To take them out for a trip.
To take them to go on Umrah together.
Do Haji together.
Or to alternate your time every night.
Many things have been forgotten
by many parties in this matter.
All of this, none other than...
...is about seeking God's approval.
Before I give you my answer...
...I have a question for you.
Is this fair for you, Dania?
Bella...
We are both women.
For me, it would never be fair.
But it's not about being fair.
All of this is about a will.
And if God's willing,
this is for the good of all of us.
I will accept this...
...although I still don't know
if this is the best decision.
But I realize, Dania...
...I'm merely a human
that needs a purpose in life.
A purpose where I
desire worldly happiness...
...and earn my place in heaven.
Assalamualaikum.
Waalaikumsalam.
Are you sure about this?
If God's willing.
What I want...
...and what Bella is looking for...
This is all God's will and destiny.
God's approval...
...lies in the approval of one's parents.
God's anger...
...is also the anger of one's parents.
I will be certain to
be able to do this...
...when I have my parents' blessings.
Your parents too, Dania.
And also your parents, Bella.
And Arumi's blessing.
Fais...
Before you get your blessings...
...there's something I need to ask you.
Are you certain you'll
be able to be fair?
Being fair isn't merely
what is seen, Bella.
It's about how I can care for
and protect your feelings.
I'm merely an ordinary
human with limits.
But I promise...
...I will try my best...
...not to wrong any of you.
We are both women.
We want to be spoiled and loved.
If one day...
...Dania and I need
attention at the same time...
...what would you do?
I beg you, Bella...
...never ask me to choose.
Because being in this position
never crossed my mind.
And to be honest...
...I don't know the best way
to face that situation.
Will I be able to divide my feelings?
My feelings have never
been divided, Bella.
They can only grow.
One thing is for sure...
...you two have to
understand one another.
Both of you have to
be fair to one another.
I only want...
...to see both of you
always feel worthy and loved.
Without either of you feeling neglected.
As God has willed.
I didn't expect you to act this far.
May God approve.
You know why I divorced
Dania's father, don't you?
Because he asked me to allow him
to marry another woman.
And you...
I don't understand why you told
Fais to marry another woman.
Don't you know how it feels like
not to be the only one?
To be neglected.
To be thrown aside.
Men are always
tempted with a new one.
I have failed to keep
your father to stay with us.
And now I see you and let you
have the same fate as me.
Never.
Whatever your reason is,
I will never give my blessing!
Mom!
How do you think
your dad will respond?
I don't understand!
Why are you telling me this now, Bella?
How could you accept this
without discussing it with me first?
I would never agree to you
being someone's second wife!
- Honey...
- Darling, shut up.
Don't get involved in this!
In our family, there will never be a
woman who becomes a second wife.
We're a well-regarded family.
How should I respond when someone
says my only child stole someone's wife?
Mom, you don't need to
care about people's opinion.
What's wrong with being a second wife
if the first wife had already approved?
Dania asked me herself.
Although the first wife said they approve,
it still hurts.
How could she ask you that directly?
Maybe there's something's fishy going on.
- Mom...
- Stop.
Enough.
I will never agree to and give my
blessing for you to become a second wife.
Darling, tell your beloved daughter
not to let her shame this family.
From now on,
stop donating to Kyai Abdullah's pesantren.
I don't like it.
Share it to everyone,
so we can check it together.
But if you have any
questions, you can ask directly.
This is also all complete.
- Later...
- Can I see?
We can see it on the first page.
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam.
Arumi.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You can do it!
Arumi.
Give us the ball back, please.
Just a minute, please.
Arumi had been waiting
for you until she went asleep.
Were you waiting for me?
I'm sorry.
Don't forget, tomorrow is our day out.
WE'RE AT THE LOCATION.
WHERE ARE YOU?
Oh, God!
Honey...
- Honey, I...
- My mom is right.
After marrying Bella,
you might leave me.
But if it does happen,
I only have one request.
Don't ever leave Arumi.
Honey...
Honey, wait.
- Honey, I'm trying to explain here.
- You don't need to explain anything to me.
The important thing now is
you tell everything about us to Arumi.
Arumi.
School break is just
around the corner, isn't it?
Where do you want to go for your holiday?
I'll take you.
No need. You're busy.
You don't have time for me anymore.
Why do you say that?
I promise you...
...I will keep you
company during your break.
Okay? Where do you want to go?
There's no need. I prefer
to go to Grandma Hanna.
I miss her.
Actually...
...there's something we need to tell you.
So...
So?
So, what?
If you're not gonna say anything,
let me ask you something.
Why was I born a girl?
Why not a boy?
It would have made both of you happier.
More happiness.
Fais.
There's only one
condition to share your love.
It is to be fair.
And it's not easy.
If you worry...
...that you won't be able to do it,
that's normal.
Because Allah says in the Qur'an...
You will never be able to be
perfectly just between your wives...
...even if you desire to do so.
That's why the intention is very important.
If you do it only for Allah...
...well, do it, then.
But if it is merely a
temptation of desire...
...moreover, Satan's temptation...
...only one wife is enough.
- Got it?
- Yes, Ustad.
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam.
He's the head of KUA.
He's my teacher too.
That's why his advices
are always on point.
You heard him.
Just marry the other woman.
That's what you keep saying.
Why are you so eager
for me to marry Bella?
Stop accusing me.
My name may be Untung,
but luckily I only have one wife.
Because I know if I have another wife,
my intention might not be true.
But you're different.
You are asked to save the students
and to save a divorcee.
And it's your own wife
who asked you that.
What a nice life you have.
And looking at the divorcée, if this
is a movie, I'd like to be the stuntman.
What more do you expect?
What should I do? I need your help.
Such a dumb question!
Didn't I make myself clear?
By the way, have you done istikharah?
Ask God.
After that, ask me again.
You think too much.
Blessed with so much,
but still confused.
Is Ita okay with us talking like this?
Well... Wait, my wife.
Right. She can pop up here suddenly!
Oh my God.
What?
Your queen is here.
Don't look at her!
Don't look at her.
Or else she'll come here.
What should I say?
Just say that I'm working,
conducting weddings.
- She's coming.
- Stop looking at her!
I'm done for here.
Fais, where's Untung?
Don't tell her.
Don't say anything.
Pretend that you're a mute.
Fais, where is she?
What are you doing there?
What are you looking for?
My phone fell.
What are you doing here?
Let's go home. Come.
I'm going home.
Take care.
Come on. Okay?
Fais...
This is a struggle.
This is a tough test.
Everyone must have
the courage to face it.
All great heroes overcame this.
It stings!
How does it feel? It stings?
I told you not to get close to him.
But you still do it discreetly.
Yes.
I want you to know how
it feels like for women.
Yes.
To have another person
in your relationship...
It hurts.
- Yes.
- Here. Some more for you.
Some more!
Not strong enough.
I can't. What if you fall?
You never fail.
You've raised me to
be a strong woman.
Just like you.
- Again!
Does your heart not hurt?
It hurts, Mom.
It really hurts.
But I'm trying to accept it for God.
And I'm trying to be
grateful for this ache.
Mom, this may be God's test.
Maybe God wants to know how big my
love for Him is compared to other things.
I'm begging for your blessing, Mom...
...so God will approve of this journey.
And so God gives me strength
to get through all this.
I'm begging for your blessing.
I'm begging you.
Arumi. Which one do you like?
Your dad...
...has a beautiful flower.
Your mother.
Soon, he will add another flower.
A new mother...
...in your life.
Two flowers...
...will make your
garden more beautiful.
So, I will have two mothers?
Yes, Arumi.
Arumi, Mom.
You look like you're having so
much fun with your Grandma.
It looks like you've forgotten us.
Dad, am I gonna have a new mother?
You do know...
...that your Mom and I
love you so much, don't you?
You know Auntie Bella?
So...
...your mom and I...
...want her to be a new
member of our family.
So, you're going to get a new mother.
You're going to have two mothers...
...who will love you.
But why two?
I have one already.
You must be confused.
But your dad and I
have talked about it.
If God's willing, Auntie Bella
will be able to give you happiness...
...and take care of you too.
But Arumi's scared she won't love
Auntie Bella like she loves Mommy.
It's okay.
The love will grow as time goes by.
You can get to know her slowly.
Wait.
Assalamualaikum.
- It hurts!
- Be patient.
- It hurts, Mom!
- Assalamualaikum.
Bella?
- Waalaikumsalam.
- What's wrong with Ahmad?
I don't know. When I got home,
he was in pain already.
- Let's take him to the doctor.
- Yeah.
- Let's go to the doctor.
- Come on. Be careful.
Let's go to the doctor, Ahmad.
- Be careful.
- Okay.
Thank you for taking
Ahmad to the hospital.
I don't know how it
would be without you.
Everything is by God's permission.
- Assalamualaikum Ahmad?
- Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam.
Ahmad?
Ma'am.
Mom.
Why is he here?
Darling, what's wrong?
You should've told us, Bella...
...that your mother
didn't give her blessing.
I didn't know what to say.
If God's willing, there will be a solution.
For now, let's just
focus on Ahmad's health.
Honey, I'm leaving now, okay?
I have an impromptu meeting.
Bismillah.
Pick up Arumi later, okay?
- I'm afraid I won't make it.
- Bye. Assalamualaikum.
Yes. Waalaikumsalam.
Bella just called to ask us to accompany
Ahmad at the hospital for a short time.
Because she can't reschedule her meeting.
Now?
His grandma is still there, right?
Won't that be a problem?
She went home already.
This won't take long.
Okay, I'll get my bag.
Thank God he's in good condition.
If God's willing, Ahmad
can go home today.
That's great. If you keep your spirit up,
your recovery will be quick.
If Father didn't leave,
he'd be here to accompany me.
Sir, Ma'am, I'll leave.
- Thank you. Assalamualaikum.
- Waalaikumsalam.
Thank you so much, Doc.
So, the total expense...
- ...is this much.
- Okay.
Excuse me, Ma'am. You
have an incoming call.
Yes, Dania?
Bella, come to the hospital now.
Dania.
Hi.
Bella.
Sir.
Mr. Ustad.
Sorry, Mr. Ryan.
I'm not an Ustad.
Oh, you're not?
What, then?
What are you here for exactly?
Are you inquiring about my intentions?
My intention for coming here...
...is to tell you...
...to stay away from Bella.
Bella is mine.
Don't you dare ruining my family.
Got it?
After you left without
any news for this long...
...now you want to get
back together with me?
Where have you been all this time?
I raised Ahmad by myself!
I know, Bella.
But it's not without reason.
I just didn't want to
involve you in my problem.
Everyone was looking for me.
But it's all settled now.
I have repented.
It's too late, Ryan.
We're done.
You can't get back into my life.
No.
Nothing is ever late.
I still care so much about you.
And I'm sure you still care about me.
And Ahmad...
He needs a father figure.
Give me a chance.
I promise not to leave you ever again.
Bella.
Bella!
I won't leave until
you give me a chance.
I have repented.
I still care so much about you.
And Ahmad...
He needs a father figure.
Yes, Boss.
No, I've talked to her.
Yes. No. I will get it this time.
Just give me time. Just a little time.
After we reconcile,
I will get the money.
I will pay off all of my debts. Okay?
I also need capital.
I want to play again...
Bella, no. This is...
No, Bella. This is only a joke. Bella!
Idiot!
So, is that the situation?
Honey, what if Mr. Usman stops
his donation to our pesantren?
Honey...
We've faced much harder
challenges than this together.
Fortune is not in their hands.
It's in God's hands.
We're going to come to them.
Not for the donation.
But for you, Fais.
They're going to come here?
What for?
To ask for your hand for marriage?
They know I don't give my blessing.
They really don't know their place.
They know I never agree
for my daughter to be a second wife.
But why are they still so daring?
I'm speaking not because of my ego.
You don't know this.
But it's been hard for me to open my heart
to men because of the trauma Ryan gave me.
- And this time...
- No!
Whatever your reason is,
I will never give you my blessing.
What's so great about Fais?
He may not be a great person.
But if God's willing...
...he's the right person
to guide me to heaven.
Fais is sincere.
He's willing to do
anything for me and Ahmad.
Don't involve Ahmad in this!
I don't like that you involve
Ahmad to defend Fais. No!
You always want me to be happy,
but only in your way.
But please...
...this time, I want to
be happy in my own way.
Whatever their purpose is,
as long as it has good intention...
...we have to welcome any
guests who come our way.
Fais...
Wake up.
Let's do prayer together.
Assalamualaikum warahmatullah.
We come here not to ask Bella
to be a part of our family...
...as Fais' companion.
We're here to apologize...
...for our actions that may
have hurt you and your family.
I'm the one who is
responsible for all this.
I come here this afternoon
on behalf of Fais...
...to discontinue his pursuit of
making Bella his companion...
...and to uphold our
relationship as fellow Muslims.
We meet for the sake of Allah
and we part for the sake of Allah.
For the future of the pesantren...
...we will find another solution.
You don't need to, Kyai.
The pesantren doesn't
need to find another solution.
Because I...
I...
I give my blessing...
...for Bella to be Fais' wife.
You're right, darling.
I always try to make you
happy, but only in my way.
Even though it's not necessarily right.
Now, it's time for you...
...to find happiness in your own way.
Because you're the one living it.
And I'm sure...
I'm sure...
...Allah knows what's best for you.
If God's willing, I...
...give you my blessing.
But before you step any further...
...I have a question.
Being a second wife isn't easy.
It's not easy at all.
Are you ready for that?
Are you ready, darling?
I'm not entirely sure.
But this might be the
answer to my prayers.
If being a second wife is God's will
to prevent false accusations...
...and be my path to heaven...
...if God's willing, I accept it.
Praise be to God.
Darling.
- Bella!
- Oh, God!
We're not done.
- Ryan.
- Bella.
Come here.
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
Leave!
You're kicking me out?
Do you forget that I also
have the right to meet Ahmad?
- I will take Ahmad away from here.
- No, you don't have the right to take him.
- I have!
- No!
Okay. If you don't want me
to take Ahmad away...
...give me back my money.
Give me back all my money!
I need that money now.
You've lost all your money for gambling.
Now, leave.
Leave!
A real man never hits a woman.
Mom!
Ahmad.
I don't want to have an evil father.
Fais.
- Bella.
- Mom.
I don't want to see you in
front of my family ever again.
Or else I'll put you in prison.
And if you fear that you
will not deal justly with the...
...orphan girls, then marry
those that please you of women,
two or three or four.
But if you fear that
you will not be just,
then one or those your
right hand possesses.
That is more suitable
that you may not incline.
Fais?
Shall we start?
In the name of God.
I marry and give you in marriage,
Fais Hanip son of Abdullah...
...to my daughter,
Bella Anindhiya daughter of Usman...
...with a dowry of a complete set
of prayer equipment, paid in cash.
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
Fais.
Can you carry on?
Forgive me, Sir.
Can you...
...give me some time?
It looks like you've fallen
in love with my husband.
- Forgive me, Dania.
- It's okay.
You don't need to apologize.
My heart aches all of a sudden.
I'm hesitant to continue this.
Do you want to cancel this wedding?
Or maybe...
...we should do istikharah now.
Let's ask for the best from God.
Forgive me, Arumi.
You're going to give
me your blessing, right?
But you have to promise me...
...that you'll still love
me and my mother.
Yes, darling.
I promise.
Waalaikumsalam warahmatullahi
wabarakatuh.
Forgive me.
I heard all about it from Dania.
Fais...
Today...
...reminds me of a
moment of foolishness...
...from my past.
An act I deeply regret.
Something I did to
Dania and her mother.
I took them for granted.
Please...
...don't ever do the same
thing to my daughter.
Fais...
...remember my words.
If you're not able to do it...
...the door to my home is still open
for you to return Dania to me.
I'm begging for your
prayer and your blessing...
...to go through with this.
Because I know this is not easy.
I ask for your prayer.
If God's willing...
...I give you my blessing.
I give you my blessing.
I always pray...
...for the good in your life. Okay?
Maybe this is the last blessing I need.
Allow me to be your husband's wife.
In the name of God.
I marry and give you in marriage,
Fais Hanip son of Abdullah...
...to my daughter,
Bella Anindhiya daughter of Usman...
...with a dowry of a complete set
of prayer equipment, paid in cash.
I accept the marriage of Bella
Anindhiya daughter of Usman...
...with the stated dowry, paid in cash.
- Is it valid?
- It is!
- Valid? Is it valid, everyone?
Thank God.
We now invite the bride
to enter the wedding hall.
ONE YEAR LATER
Be patient, Bella.
Say God's name.
Prepare the operation room.
Yes, Doc.
Mr. Fais, can I talk to
you outside for a moment?
Bella.
Keep saying God's name.
Part of the placenta has detached.
We need to act immediately.
Oh, God.
Excuse me, Doc.
Here's the letter of declaration.
Sign this, please.
Say God's name.
This is exactly like when
you gave birth to Arumi.
But why...
Why am I more scared now?
Let's keep praying, honey.
May Bella and the baby be safe.
How is it, Doc?
Congrats, Mr. Fais and Mrs. Dania.
Your baby was born in good health.
Thank God.
It's a boy.
How's the mother?
After saving the baby...
...there was severe bleeding.
We tried our best to stop the bleeding.
It was due to a fibroid...
...which we have just discovered.
Our efforts were unsuccessful.
Bella's life couldn't be saved.
She had the chance to
see and feel her baby...
...before she breathed her last.
There is no god but Allah...
...and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Oh, God.
I realize...
...I'm merely a human
that needs a purpose in life.
A purpose where I desire
worldly happiness...
...and earn my place in heaven.
A FICTION THAT INSPIRED BY A TRUE EVENT
Bella...
...look how handsome your baby son is.
I will raise him with
the love you gave us.
And I will tell him about you.
He will know how
amazing his mother was.